Project Description:This project is to develop a system that will update the catalog information with data provided by the suppliers for an online fruit store. The suppliers send the data as large images with an associated description of the products in two files (.TIF for the image and .txt for the description). The images need to be converted to smaller jpeg images and the text needs to be turned into an HTML file that shows the image and the product description. The contents of the HTML file need to be uploaded to a web service that is already running using Django. Need to gather the name and weight of all fruits from the .txt files and use a Python request to upload it to Django server.Need to create a Python script that will process the images and descriptions and then update  online fruit store's website to add the new products.Once the task is complete, the supplier should be notified with an email that indicates the total weight of fruit (in lbs) that were uploaded.The email should have a PDF attached with the name of the fruit and its total weight (in lbs).Finally, in parallel to the automation running, need to check the health of the system and send an email if something goes wrong.
changeImage.py script converts .tiff format files to smaller .jpeg images.
supplier_image_upload.py uploads the processes images to the webserver fruit catalog.
run.py script uploads the product descriptions that read from .txt files.
reports.py generates the pdf report of fruit and taotal weight of the fruit that were uploaded.
report_email.py sends an email to the supplier with the pdf attached.
health_check.py monitors CPU usage, disk space, available memory and name resolution and sends an email if there is a problem.
